hi you're listening to me on from
casecrown and today we're going to be
reviewing our bolt rifle cases for the
Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 and the kindle
fire HD 8.9 here to help me with this
review is Matt casecrown offers the bolt
trifold case and six different colors as
you can see we have purple blue orange
red black and green we offer the bolt
rifle case for both the Kindle Fire HD 7
and the kindle fire HD 8.9 this video
will focus on the case make for the
Kindle Fire HD 7 you can definitely
trust this case to keep your tablet safe
and secure as it was specifically
designed with protection and comfort in
mind all you have to do is open the
interior pocket and simply insert your
kindle fire HD 7 into the case and use
the velcro flap to secure it in place
the case is made out of a durable
synthetic leather material on the
exterior with the soft non-scratch
interior all the features are accessible
through various cutouts as you can see
here's the headphone jack volume button
on/off button USB ports microphone and
speakers on the back they're all clearly
visible and defined this case also
features a magnetic strip that provides
a sleep wake function for your kindle
fire HD 7 you can even transform your
case into an adjustable stand for
comfortable viewing for all
the stand also doubles as a handy grip
for sharing with friends and family
we made sure that the materials and
compact design provides your Kindle Fire
HD 7 and the kindle fire HD 8.9 with the
most protection at all times the stylish
handy case will always serve your needs
no matter where you take your Kindle
Fire HD 7
again this was me on and I want to thank
Matt for helping me with this review
thanks Mac we'll see you soon in another
review video